DAY 02 TASK 

Question : Write a Blog On Difference Between Document and Window Objects 

Answer   : 

Document       : The document object represents Our web page. If We want to access any element in an HTML page,
                 We always start with accessing the document object.

Window Object  : The window object represents an open window in a browser.
                 If a document contain frames (<iframe> tags), the browser creates one window object for the HTML document,
                 and one additional window object for each frame.

Difference Between Document and Window Objects : 
                 When an HTML document is loaded into a web browser, it becomes a document object.
                 The document object is the root node of the HTML document.
                 The document object is a property of the window object.
                 The document object is accessed with: window.document or just document

Document : It represents the document loaded inside the window or browser.
Window   : It represents the browser window in which you are seeing the content.

Document : The properties related to it are stored in the document object.
Window   : The properties related to it are stored in the window object.

Document : It is loaded after the loading window because the window contains a document.
Window   : It is loaded before the document because window container document.

Document : It is the root element of the document object model.
Window   : The window is the global element for all objects, functions, etc.

Document : It is an object of window.
Window   : It is an object of the browser.

Document : We can not access windows objects properties inside the document.
Window   : We can access document object properties inside the window

Document : logically:
           document:{ properties}
Window   : logically:
           window:{
             document:{properties}
           }

Document : Example: document.title will return the title of the document
Window   : Example: window.document.title will return the title of the document.

